JUDY WOODRUFF: The week is
ending the way it began,
with new disclosures
about the president's
son and his meeting
with a Russian lawyer.
It turns out at least one
more person was at that
session than previously known.
John Yang begins our coverage.
JOHN YANG: President Trump
returned from his quick Paris
trip to face new questions about
whether his campaign
sought damaging information
on Hillary Clinton from
the Russian government.
Among the uncertainties?
How many people were at the June
2016 meeting at Trump Tower?
Today, a new name emerged,
Rinat Akhmetshin, a Russian-born
Washington lobbyist and Soviet
army veteran.
He met with Donald Trump Jr.,
Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner,
campaign chairman Paul Manafort,
Russian lawyer Natalia
Veselnitskaya, music
promoter Rob Goldstone,
an acquaintance of
the younger Trump who
helped set up the session,
and an interpreter.
Donald Trump Jr. had not
disclosed the additional people.
SEAN HANNITY, Host, "Hannity":
So, as far as you know, as far
as this incident is concerned,
this is all of it?
DONALD TRUMP JR., Son of Donald
Trump: This is everything.
This is everything.
JOHN YANG: It's also not
clear just when President
Trump was told of the meeting.
This week, he told Reuters
that he had only learned of it
just two or three days before
that.
But aboard Air Force One on
his way to Paris, the told
reporters, in fact, maybe it was
mentioned at some point.
Kushner has revised his security
clearance disclosure form
at least three times to add
as many of 100 more
foreign contacts.
That's drawing the ire
of Democrats like House
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), House
Minority Leader: I also called
for the revoking of the security
clearance of Jared Kushner.
It's absolutely ridiculous that
he should have that clearance.
JOHN YANG: And Mr. Trump is
adding to his legal team.
Washington attorney Ty Cobb
becomes special counsel to
the president and will oversee
the legal and media response
to the Russia investigation.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm John Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For more, we're
now joined by Julie Pace.
She's the Washington bureau
chief for the Associated Press,
and she took part in a phone
conversation with Rinat
Akhmetshin earlier today.
Julie, thank you very
much for talking with us.
So, Julie, what is known
about Rinat Akhmetshin?
JULIE PACE, Associated Press:
Well, Rinat is a person who
is actually fairly well-known
in Washington.
He's a lobbyist who has worked
on issues with ties to Russia,
a bit of a character, a bit
of a fixer on these
types of issues, not this
sort of backroom, shady
character who doesn't
have a profile.
If you work in these circles
in Washington, he's probably
someone that you have run in
to.
He's been on
Capitol Hill before.
But, despite that, it is
certainly unique that he would
end up in a conference room
at Trump Tower in the middle
of a presidential campaign.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I heard the word
fixer associated with his name.
Why is his name
surfacing only now?
We learned about this
meeting days ago.
JULIE PACE: That is the perfect
question on this, why now?
Why is it that we have
had so many different
explanations about the
purpose of this meeting
and the participants
of this meeting?
It's kind of baffling if
you're thinking about this
from a political strategy.
This is sort of politics 101,
that if you are in a crisis, if
there is something controversial
that's happened, it's best to
get all of the information out.
Take the hit in one lump, as
opposed to dripping that out,
in this case, over the course of
a week.
So, there has been no
explanation as to why
we're just finding out
that he was a participant,
other than the fact that he
was willing to get on the phone
with us today and disclose
this information and talk
to us at some length.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But it
sounds like now he is
talking to the press.
Is there anything more to be
learned about this meeting
than what's already said?
JULIE PACE: I think there is.
The big thing that all of
the participants have said is
that in the end, nothing came
out of this meeting.
One of the things that Rinat
told us today, though, is that
the Russian lawyer who was
in the meeting actually showed
up with some documents in hand,
and they were in a plastic
folder.
He professed to not know the
content of those documents.
I think that that's one
question that we need to answer.
What were those documents, who
were they specifically given to,
who took them out of the room?
But, more broadly, I
think that it's worth
pressing participants
in this meeting about
whether anything did
come out of this.
Given the fact that
the explanations have
changed so much, I really
don't think we should
be taking explanations on
face value at this point.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Julie,
there's also this question now
-- and we heard it mentioned
in the report -- when
President Trump himself
learned about the meeting.
Initially, it was that he had
just learned about it a few
days ago, but then I guess
he said something different
in that conversation
with reporters.
JULIE PACE: I think this is --
again, timelines keep shifting
when it comes to this meeting.
What the president initially
said is that he only knew about
it two or three days before.
One of the reasons why there are
so many questions about this,
though, is that Jared Kushner
and his advisers said
that this is something
that they discovered
and put on a disclosure
form a few weeks ago.
So, this was known to people
in the White House prior to
this past weekend, when the
reporting started to come out.
And given the closeness of the
president to his family, and
given the fact that the Russian
investigations and every
little detail about
these investigations
is so critical right
now, it is hard to imagine that
this is something that would
be kept from the president for
so long.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So,
finally, Julie, you
mentioned Jared Kushner.
There have been a number of
stories this week about turmoil,
ongoing turmoil inside the
White House, fingers pointing
in different directions, and
some of the White House staffing
being upset with Jared Kushner.
What is that about?
JULIE PACE: Well, this has
become a bit of pattern
for this White House.
When something goes
wrong, you start having
people turn on each other.
The finger-pointing
gets pretty intense.
And, in this case, you have a
situation where you have someone
like Jared Kushner, who is
a senior adviser to the
president, but operates
in pretty rarefied
territory because he's
also family.
He is the one person whose
name has come up in relation to
the Russia investigations who
is currently sitting
in the West Wing.
And for some of the folks who
are in there right now, the fact
that he is in that situation
and still remains a
protected adviser, it's
pretty irritating to them.
And they worry about their
interactions with him.
Whenever you have a special
counsel investigation
that revolves around
the White House, you
have staffers that have
to get lawyers, staffers
that are pretty --
staffers that are fairly
well-paid having to get
pretty expensive lawyers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
JULIE PACE: This is not
a comfortable situation
for anybody in there.
And Jared Kushner, given his
relationship and his position
in the West Wing, is taking
a lot of the heat internally.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meantime,
we have seen some
Democrats on Capitol
Hill, some of them saying
he should step down, others
saying he should have his
security clearance taken away.
Julie Pace with the Associated
Press, we thank you.
JULIE PACE: Thank you, Judy.